Website Layout content file

1- Welcome
My name is Youssef Zahar.
I am a graduate student at the University of Minnesota Twin-Cities majoring in Computer science.
I am interested in software engineering and machine Learning.
I am currently part of the Software Engineering Lab at the university of Minnesota where I am doing research on machine learning models testing and verification
I recently completed my undergraduate degree where I majored in Computer science and minored in Mathematics
This website is a representation of my resume. 

Some of my hobbies are:
    - Practicing martial arts (especially boxing)
    - Watching movies
    - Playing music
    - Learning new technologies and skills (this is the reason why I made this website)


2- Work Experience
    Optum: Data Engineer
        Working on building a robust ETL solution to seamlessly transfer data from a cloud-based data platform to an on-premises database.
        Creating schemas for efficient table management within the backend system.
        Building insightful analytic reports using Power BI.
        Use Agile to organize our work and progress.
        Participating in shark tank presentations where we showcase our work and progress.

    Keys cafe:
        Train new hires and collaboratively work as part of a large energetic team.
        Supervise front of the house staff and provide assistance, as needed.
        Ensure optimal guest experience by explaining the menu, recommending drink/food items, and always having a positive attitude.
        Respond to complaints and take any necessary actions to ensure a positive guest service and experience. 
        Memorize changing menus and recipes to efficiently help customers with dietary restrictions.

    Optum: Back-end software engineer
        Worked on building a reliable and easy-to-maintain microservice using Java that can sustain a large volume of data flowing through.
        Worked in a team of 5 interns under the supervision of a senior software engineer.
        Used Agile to organize our work and progress.
        Used a CI/CD approach to test our work development throughout the different stages.
        Participated in bi-weekly shark tank presentations where we showcased our work and progress.

    Optum: Back-end software engineer
        Worked on creating/improving de-identification algorithms from scratch using Java.
        Worked with a team of 4 interns under the supervision of a senior software architect. 
        Used Agile to organize our work and progress.
        Participated in bi-weekly shark tank presentations where we showcased our work and progress.

3- Course work
    relevant courses:

    
    Projects:



4- Social 
    LinkedIn
    